Update docs (#887)
encoredev/encore: docs/how-to/insert-test-data-db.md

```

Not included in the above example is preventing adding duplicate data. This is straightforward to do by making the fixtures idempotent, or by tracking it with a database table.

> ## Using a custom script after deploy
> 
> In some cases, it may be convenient to insert test data with a custom script that runs after deploy.
> Exactly what this looks like will vary depending on your use case.
> 
> To control how the script is run, you can use Encore's [webooks](/docs/deploy/webhooks) functionality.

Reviewer: Maybe make this more specific to Preview Environments since that's the main use case? Something like this:

```suggestion
## Populating databases in Preview Environments

In some cases, it can be useful to populate new Preview Environments with test data to simplify testing. 

The best way to do this depends a bit on your use case, but a common way to do this is by using Encore's [webooks](/docs/deploy/webhooks) functionality, which provides notifications for when a deployment is completed and includes information about the environment in question.
```
